Session 0
---
We have landed and are meeting at a hearthstation called "The Blushing Bard" in Vosura.
We are looking to meet captain of the Graxis Guys ( Men for hire )

We are going to help with what seems to be a Wrothian uprising
We got a missive with the emblem of our respective faction and "The Firm"

Hearthstations are set up on every planet.

We are a group from DD&D

Session 1 - Oneshot
---
The opening mission
We meet an artificer halfling - "Arty"
- smell: Burning wood
- curly brown hair
- Skiddish

We are in the "Tree Scraper" in a forested city. Trees seems to be more of buildings on this planet.
The look of the bark on this tree is wider, it does not seem to take up any less space, there is a clearing of flowers
around the 
-- This is a specific "strong" tree
-- The tree is tough, the fire did not affect the tree

There are pirates in the area
The pirates are looking for Ascal the tree artificer for some reason

DD&D says that the artifacts are the reason we are here, DD&D has said that no pirate can leave with an artifact.

The pirates are old tech orc/hobgoblinss that mainly exist in dead-magic zones.

Session 2 - 1shot 2 
We are going back to DD&D after successfully killing the pirates...
2 new crewmates join us on the ship to DD&D,
A giant white wolf man, "Bordemin Whitemane

We also meet a giant Birdman the Avia Ra
We travel to  borian 5, and meet a DD&D spokeman who leads us to the item vault.

We look around the room and get left alone as one of the members leaves to find a bank leader
Anterra Sectorit -Very military based part of the coalition, they have strayed from organized militia, 
and do more hired gun style. Seeing this on the desk is very odd

We start to hear a scratching sound that gets louder and louder.

We discover that the bank owner AND the person who took us here lay dead in the bank teller's office. It seems almost
impossible that they should have been able to be killed... 2 force daggers are impaled into both persons

using the codes in the the bank tellers office they finally open the vault... Three worgs attack from inside.
